README.md, before:

# lambda_labs

## Answers

1. What questions did you ask your stakeholder that helped in breaking down your tasks?

    i.

2. What user stories did you draw from to create your product roadmap? List them below.

    ii. Users searching can search a city
    They can view reports of the city showing different stats.

3. Select your favorite user story. What are the tasks that need to be accomplished in order to ship that particular user story?

    iii. Users can select and view up to 3 cities.
    Steps needed: Have DS API to retrieve the data. Have Front end pull from API, show the cities. Next, there will need to be an add and remove button separately. Finally front end should have a chart visualization for the user to see the 3 compared cities.

4. What did you do well in this task breakdown process? What were some challenges?

    iv. Try to see what is going on in the front end side, but there are steps officially missing on the DS side. Mainly due to not really knowing what happens on the DS side. Only really feel like I know 5% of what happens on their end.

5. After what you've learned in this process, given a new product roadmap, how would you approach it differently? What would you change about the way you go about breaking down individual tasks?

    v.

Commit message:

filled in all the questions.

README.md, after:

# lambda_labs

## Answers

1. What questions did you ask your stakeholder that helped in breaking down your tasks?

    i. There were still some questions that will need to be asked in the near future but he did point us in a direction. Make it our own app.

2. What user stories did you draw from to create your product roadmap? List them below.

    ii. Users searching can search a city
    They can view reports of the city showing different stats.

3. Select your favorite user story. What are the tasks that need to be accomplished in order to ship that particular user story?

    iii. Users can select and view up to 3 cities.
    Steps needed: Have DS API to retrieve the data. Have Front end pull from API, show the cities. Next, there will need to be an add and remove button separately. Finally front end should have a chart visualization for the user to see the 3 compared cities.

4. What did you do well in this task breakdown process? What were some challenges?

    iv. Try to see what is going on in the front end side, but there are steps officially missing on the DS side. Mainly due to not really knowing what happens on the DS side. Only really feel like I know 5% of what happens on their end.

5. After what you've learned in this process, given a new product roadmap, how would you approach it differently? What would you change about the way you go about breaking down individual tasks?

    v. Something we do too well was to break down specific parts of a task into specified sections. Possibly too broad and could have described some parts with more detail.
